Update Task Manager docs (#3176)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/distributed-architecture/kibana-tasks-management.md

{{kib}} background tasks are managed as follows:

- An {{es}} task index is polled for overdue tasks at 500-millisecond intervals. You can change this interval using the [`xpack.task_manager.poll_interval`](kibana://reference/configuration-reference/task-manager-settings.md#task-manager-settings) setting.
- Tasks are claimed by updating them in the {{es}} index, using optimistic concurrency control to prevent conflicts. Each {{kib}} instance can run a maximum of 10 concurrent tasks, so a maximum of 10 tasks are claimed each interval.
- {{es}} and {{kib}} instances use the system clock to determine the current time. To ensure schedules are triggered when expected, synchronize the clocks of all nodes in the cluster using a time service such as [Network Time Protocol](http://www.ntp.org/).
- Tasks are run on the {{kib}} server. <br>
  It is recommended to use an isolated node for the background task.

>   You can achieve that by setting `node.roles` to `background` for on-prem and scaling Kibana to 8G+ in ECH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can achieve that by setting `node.roles` to `background_tasks` for on-prem or by scaling Kibana to 8G+ in ECH.
```
